free how many sponsors sorry sighs this
monster night and failure
Priya Marc Webb sponsors toll BMX runs
relentless energy unlivable
probably born in South Sea Great Britain
that's that's the tough one I'm down
with uh 20
26 mm I'm old now 27 I am 21 years of
age this is a tough one
I reckon Arakanese uh isn't 9 7 I know
he's into the late night with movies and
stuff but I'm on off-road chopper out
there or something right chopper
mmm his favorite movie is chop it chop
it in velvet our bear know each other
favorite movie is Footloose she's so
fifth month and so you know how his
first prong contest was probably
backyard jam we're also asses coming
where I was but I believe was a fat yard
I'd say kinga salty my first contest was
to be a masters in 2002 best sponsor
ever
tangey first sponsor ever felt like to
reckon mmm
my first sponsor ever was each pack
probably that outdoor one just I'll just
go round works round works
hey Gary dog show baby how you sustain
you have BMX on the forum I'm thinking
what I think it's like style is elbow
mmm saying you got like a star some of
them then yeah it all change someone
like that for more videos like this
subscribe to LA sport's YouTube channel
after man